1) What is the use of the final keyword in Java?
2) Can we make a variable final in Java? What is different between a normal variable and final variable?
3) Can we make a method final in Java? explain the difference between normal method and final method
4) Can we make local variable final in Java?
6) Can you change the state of the object to which a final reference variable is pointing?
7) Can we make an array final in Java? Can you change its elements?
8) Can you make a Collection final in Java e.g. ArrayList? What is the impact?
9) What is the difference between abstract method and final method in Java?
10) What is the use of final class in Java?
11) Can you overload a final method in Java?
12) Can you override a final method in Java?
13) Can we make a static method final in Java?
14) Can we make an abstract method final in Java?
15) Can we use non-final local variables inside an Anonymous class?
16) Can you declare Constructor as final in Java?
17) What is constant in Java?
18) Are static final variables are thread-safe?
19) Can a class be abstract and final at the same time?
20) When to make a method final in Java?
21) When to make a class final in Java?
22.Can we change the state of an object to which a final reference variable is pointing?
23. What is the main difference between abstract methods and final methods?
24. What is the use of final class?
25. Can we change the value of an interface field? If not, why?
26.What is a blank final field or variable in Java?
27.Where all we can initialize a final non-static global variable if it is not initialized at the time of declaration?
28.What are final class, final method and final variable?
29.Where all we can initialize a final static global variable if it is not initialized at the time of declaration?
30.Can we use non-final local variables inside a local inner class?
31.Can we declare constructors as final?
32.Can we declare final variable without initialization?
33.What is a final method?
34.What is a final class?
35.Can a main() method be declared final?
36.Can we declare constructor as final?
37.Can we declare an interface as final?
38.Can Final Variable be serialized in Java?
39.What will happen if you add final to a List / ArrayList?
40.Can we make a method final in Java?
41.What is effectively final in Java?
42.Can we make the local variable be final?
43.Can final method be overloaded in Java?
44.Can we create object for final class?
45.What is the main difference between abstract methods and final methods?
46.What is the difference between abstract class and final class?
47.Can we make an abstract method final in Java?
48What is the difference between static and final in Java?
49.What is a Static Final variable in Java?
50.Where you can use final keyword in java?
51.Can we inherit final class?
52.Can we change the value of final variables?
53.Can we apply final keyword with main() method?
54.What is blank final variable?
53.What is static blank final variable?
54.How we can initialize blank final variables?
55.How we can initialize static blank final variables?
56.Can we inherit final method in sub-class?
57.Can we create object for final class?
58.Can we make interface as final?
59.Difference between abstract method and final method in java?
60.What is the difference between final, finally and finalize?
61.What is the most common predefined final class object you used in a program?
62.Can we use non-final local variables inside a local inner class?
63.What happens, if final variable is NOT initialized with initial value at the time of declaration ?
64.What happens, if final variable is re-assigned in the same class body ?
65.Explain order of final variable initialization in Java ?
66.What happens, if final method is overridden in the sub class ?
67.Whether it is possible to invoke final methods ?
68.Whether it is possible to inherit final class ? And what happens, if we extend final class ?
69.Can we declare interface as final? If not, why explain ?
70.Can we declare constructor as final ?
71.Whether final keyword allowed in input parameters (formal parameters) of method signature ?
72.Whether compilation succeeds, if instance of final class is created ?
73.Difference between abstract method and final method ?
74.Relationship between immutable class and final class ?
75.Can we make an array final in Java? Can you change its elements after initializing?
76.Difference between abstract method and final method in Java.
77.Can you overload a final method in Java?
78.Can a class be abstract and final?
79.Where to initialize a non-static final variable?
80.Where to initialize a static final variable in Java?
81.Is it possible to declare final variables without initialization?
82.What is the most common predefined final class object you used in your code? 
83.What is a Static Final variable in Java?